Principle: It is now, 7:06
Principle: You have exactly
Principle: Eight hours and fifty four minutes
Principle: To ponder the error of your ways.
Principle: Any questions?
John: Yeah
John: Does Barry Manilow know that you raid his wardrobe?
Narrator: A brain, a beauty, a jock, a rebel, and a recluse
Claire: I can't believe this is really happening to me.
Narrator: Before this day is over
Narrator: They'll break the rules.
Claire: *Coughing*
Brian: Chicks, cannot hold a smoke, that's what it is.
Narrator: Bare their souls.
Ally: I'm a Nymphomaniac.
Brian: Are your parents aware of this?
Narrator: Take some chances.
John: Being bad feels pretty good.
Narrator: And touch eachother
Narrator: In a way that they never dreamed possible
John: Why'd you do that?
Claire: 'cause I knew you wouldn't
Narrator: The Breakfast Club
Narrator: They only met once
Allison: I don't want to be alone anymore.
Andrew: You don't have to be.
Narrator: But it changed their lives forever.
Brian: Man, I could see you guys as my friends.
Brian: I'm not wrong am I?
Narrator: Universal Pictures presents
Narrator: Emilio Estevez
Narrator: Paul Gleason
Narrator: Anothony Micheal Hall
Narrator: Judd Nelson
Narrator: Molly Ringwald
Narrator: and Ally Sheedy
Narrator: In a John Hughes film
Allison: Why are you being so nice to me?
Claire: Because you're letting me
Narrator: The Breakfast Club